this video is brought to you by CM storm
preferred choice of mice headsets and
mechanical keyboards of curse gaming
visit www.samhsa.gov/dtac 6 hlb ID this
has a very uninteresting product name
but it is a very interesting product for
a couple of reasons number one is I
think just under 23 inches or around 23
to 24 inches is the optimal size for a
1080p monitor I think when they get
smaller I've seen 21 inch monitors or
like 21.5 that are 1080p I think text
gets a little bit small and you can say
all day all while lightest you can just
adjust the text size in your operating
so you know what not every operating
system handles it that well a lot of the
time you end up with things just being
tiny and unreadable and then when you go
above 24 inch when you go up to
something like a 27-inch pixels get
pretty big it starts to look more like
using your computer on a TV that's
sitting on your desk so I think it's the
optimal size I think surround gaming is
very very cool but one of the things
holding it back is the lack of monitors
that have very slim bezels that I mean a
big bezel in between your two monitors
when you're playing a game is kind of
ridiculous unless it's like a racing
game and you can pretend to yourself
that it's like part of the cockpit or
something like that like unless it's
something like that I think it takes
away from the gaming experience and then
as you guys probably know I'm not a huge
fan of TN monitors I don't think they
enhance the computing experience in any
way and in surround so I'm bringing this
all around to mice around gaming message
in surround TN panels can be a bit of an
issue
because you can almost never get it so
that every single monitor is facing
directly at you which is the optimal way
to use a TN so this all this my friends
has a 0.08 inch bezel absolutely
beautiful it is an IPS monitor it is 23
I think it's 23.6 inches or something
like that there are maybe 20 maybe 23
choose whatever it is cannot remember
yet 23 inches is a 23 inch monitor it is
IPS it has a 5 millisecond response time
making it still suitable for gaming even
though it's an IPS and not like you know
a fast TN and in surround this thing is
going to be a whole new beast so we're
going to assemble it we'll be back in a
moment so the first thing you might
notice about this monitor is something a
little bit different it actually has a
little magnetic spot on the base that
allows you to store anything with iron
content there without it sort of
escaping from you so I'll be clap that
was kind of cool the base also has a
brushed plastic finish that as you guys
probably know I'm a pretty big fan of
because I like the way that looks it
looks like brushed aluminum but it
actually doesn't stain like brushed
aluminum so that's great
assembly simple so all you got to do is
screw in one piece from the bottom here
then clip the monitor onto the base
station here so there's only three
pieces Acer includes pretty much
everything you need now due to the
slimness of this monitor I'm going to
pull up my iPhone for my trademark
iPhone comparison there we go
due to the sliminess of this monitor
there wasn't much they could do about
the positioning of bulky connectors like
say for example DVI and they didn't want
them sticking like right at the bottom
of the monitor because there's not much
of a bezel to hide it behind which is
what they normally do so instead the
connectors all come directly out the
back of the monitor so it's got HDMI DVI
and VGA as well as an audio out so it
can process the HDMI audio you can plug
in your headphones or whatever else and
dcn so it includes actually every cable
that it's compatible with come to the
DVI cable VGA HDMI cable and the power
brick that you need now let's also take
just a closer look at the overall
construction here so I showed you the
sliminess already Acer has been talking
about upping their game in terms of
overall overall build quality and and
sexiness of the products and slick and I
were discussing this off-camera while we
put the monitor together and they really
do seem to be doing it between the s7
notebook the w7 hundred tablet and now
this monitor the the naming schemes
might not have increased in sexiness but
the
themselves look pretty fantastic now one
of the things that was immediately sort
of a move okay I'm not quite sure if I
like that about this monitor was the
glossy screen because particularly
plastic glossy screens can be incredibly
reflective and very distracting however
if you have a glass core glossy screen
and the panel is very close to the glass
layer over top the reflectiveness is
reduced once the screen is on this is
indeed a piece of glass